because I am to be friends like
you are welcome today to a
video more remember that I am your friend
plus another one today we have a
guard departure here my
mates I do not know what pinches think
bastards come to help or I'm alone
we are going to people that you shut up that you stay
and they put me and my friends my way
mates I do not know where fucking mother
be in fart bastards a game of
guard your profile starting then
unfortunately very, very badly
teams with my friends you really give
I imagined that they would go after me
good to help me do
then a little help support
because good was leader of goods of
protect me second one dies does not die
the bastard vergara and the east goal of him
he made a pitch and this one has already gone
bastard of my team
what little mother is do not avoid us in wajid
it is after no robberies to see if
manages to be something for that we see again
bot versus bots
but this is stated in an ambiguous and not
mames bastards left today we're going to
do two against three that where but not
I liked
so you can know what it shoots at
I'm going to help you look for him in
where are you bastard and call you I like you
until the other side right bastard
right I did not hear mind but good ya
have enough that do not play today leave
good if it takes to play but really
him how could you say ya real kill him
kill it peppers that pedo güey
what fart beauty was of the devil and
bastard throws click rises
exorcist
It was good
xx
let's go for the why
our leader is a boat and good
but here we won this wood
I'm going to throw
by the click bot web
here comes my partner, dude
no bastard bastard let's do croce in
alive
clutch live
the itv
let's see if we can kill if it goes
to be broken let's see
to see lose wii
I do not tell him to charge badly eta what
little mother web what little mother I have magician
but hey look at the bowl he wanted it was
I love the great pitches fond of bots
I love bots
and good to see see
kill the pot because it really is that
guy that gives me more fear of all the
team
cock
see the ub
pierre graduated
cock if you read here these are all in
this one that fart
burned but there was a bot like that
that can be really team or I do not know
I dont know
not if it was from a bot so it would not
account so to speak but good guys
we are doing well in the game we lose
we started super bad or the bad thing like that
etcetera no but good we go to bastard
let's see what fart and spike button
recharge serves whenever you want
way what fart
what pdv
fear fear
and now I'm fine fear keeps giving you
fear
and let's see this mother
and we're going to see it here
and I'm going to go with a fucking fag
it's not true because I do not know what fart
and maybe something
for it not only I know him
you say
what wii
cock
is that I have the xvii in football since
the fucking voice gives me more dread dread than
everybody whole next to
well since this program was not I suppose
that will come for me
and he left
I do not know anymore
I hope you liked part of
super fast of what is being so
guard has not played guard for a long time
said I do not like to play guard but
good guys I say goodbye I hope that
like this video comments like
subscribe we are going to see in the
next video goodbye guys bye bye
until the next band bye